DBTP-731 Docs: demonstrate how to configure root level ASIM logging (#7)
uktrade/django-log-formatter-asim: README.md

            ...
        },
    },
    "root": {
        "handlers": ["asim"],
        ...
    }
    "loggers": {
        "django": {
            "handlers": ["asim"],
            "propagate": False
            ...
        },
    },
}
```

> In this example we assign the asim formatter to a handler and ensure both root and django loggers use this handler. The django logger is set to propagate `False`, to avoid duplicating logs at root level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we assign the ASIM formatter to a `handler` and ensure both `root` and Django loggers use this `handler`. The Django logger sets `propagate` to `False`, to avoid duplicating logs at the root level.
```

> In this example we assign the ASIM formatter to a `handler` and ensure both `root` and `django` loggers use this `handler`. We then set `propagate` to `False` on the `django` logger, to avoid duplicating logs at the root level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we assign the ASIM formatter to a `handler` and ensure both `root` and `django` loggers use this `handler`. We then set `propagate` to `False` on the `django` logger, to avoid duplicating logs at the root level. 
```
